[singers vocalizing]
- Genya!
- [panting]
["Kizuna no Kiseki" playing]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singers vocalizing]
- [panting]
- Gen... ya.
- [wails]
What did you strike me with?!
- I can't regenerate.
- The attack worked.
- You're pathetic. Calm down!
- ...like I'm being scorched!
- It'll take more time,
but we can regenerate!
[Tanjiro gasps]
I don't know
what's going on with Genya,
but thanks to him,
I've figured something out.
Even if we behead
all four at the same time,
we can't finish them off
like we did Gyutaro.
[gasps]
It's almost like attacking them
at all is completely pointless.
[gasps] Nezuko!
- [grunting]
- Nezuko!
- [sighs]
- Something's been bothering me
all this time.
Is it possible their neck
isn't their vital spot?
Something's off.
That scent I caught
for an instant...
Right. That was...
the scent of another demon!
There's a fifth demon!
I've got to find it.
The fifth demon's head's
got to be...
- [gags]
- Listen, brat!
I'm beating this Upper Rank...
- by myself!
- Genya!
- Don't forget there's a reason
you haven't become a Hashira!
You weren't able to defeat
Upper Rank Six on your own!
- Oh, uh, okay.
- And you can bet
your life that...
I'm going...
to beat you to it!
- Genya,
what's going on with you?
You're drooling!
Not to mention
you're choking me!
- [creak]
- [winces]
- I'll be the one
who becomes a Hashira!
- That's great!
I believe in you!
You have Nezuko's
and my full support!
Let's give it our all!
- Huh?
- There's a fifth demon
somewhere.
If you buy me some time,
I can look for it!
- You're just trying
to get me to let my guard down!
Don't think I don't know
what you're...
Huh?
- [gasps] Look out!
[thrilling music]
[singers vocalizing]
[Tanjiro] The Anger Demon's
revived already!
Hurry!
Genya!
I need you to keep
these demons at bay
while I look for the fifth!
- Damn it.
They've all regenerated!
- But whatever you do,
don't slash Nezuko!
She's my little sister!
- [grunts]
- Uh...
♪♪ ♪♪
[gunshot]
- Where's that fifth demon?
I've got to find it
while Genya and Nezuko
are fending them off.
- [gasps]
Hold on.
Thanks to the wind
created by that fan demon,
the sulfur smell
from the hot springs is gone.
- [wind gusts]
- Concentrate...
and find it!
[inhales]
[gasps]
- [whimpering]
It's all gonna be okay.
They'll never find me
in this spot.
It's all gonna be okay.
Surely my four Emotions
are strong enough
to defeat those villains for me!
- There! Found it!
Found it! I found it!
Genya!
- [growls]
Urogi!
- Start heading northeast!
The fifth demon's hiding
itself close to the ground!
- Ahh.
- [growls]
[yells]
- [gasps]
Genya!
You go after it! I'll stay!
- Northeast!
- Eh?
[Tanjiro] Crap.
Here comes the lightning.
- [grunts]
- [groans]
- Nezuko! Go and help Genya!
Stop the Lightning Demon
before it gets in Genya's way!
[gasps]
[dramatic music]
Don't let go! You can't
let yourself get swept away!
[gasps]
Oh, no.
Here comes
that lightning attack!
[gasps]
[singer vocalizing]
- [gasps]
- [growls]
[gagging]
- Nezuko!
[tense music]
- Hyo, hyo, hyo!
Is it excruciating?
It must be excruciating!
[Tokito] So it's
the same everywhere.
- Hyo, hyo, hyo!
Not only are you
unable to unleash
your precious
Breathing Techniques,
but you'll soon be drawing
your last breath in there too!
[cackles]
That fake
stoic look on your face,
how incredibly sublime it is!
My creative juices are
simply gushing looking upon it!
[Nezuko grunting]
- Don't fight back.
You're making me sad.
Sekido...
- Hold the girl still
so I can crucify her.
[gasps]
That little brat.
He's gotten
even faster than before!
No, from the moment
I first met him,
he's exceeded
my lord's reports.
He has quick reflexes,
a keen battle sense...
- [gags]
- ...and the closer
he is to defeat,
the stronger he gets!
- [groans]
- [grunts]
- [screaming]
- Damn it.
Karaku!
- [grunts]
- That's far enough, you punk!
- [groans]
- All right! Now to take care
of that trigger-happy kid.
Huh?
What?! He still slashed me?!
You damn punk!
- Genya!
To your right!
It's on your right,
moving south! Search for it!
- [scoffs] What do
you think I'm doing?
I've been searching for it!
A spell? Can I not see it
because of some type of spell?!
Damn! Damn! Damn!
Where are you?
The longer this goes on,
the closer I get
to being depleted!
- [grunts]
- [gags]
Turn west!
More to the right!
It's nearby! Below!
- Where is it?!
Where?!
- Genya! Below!
- [gasps]
- Huh?
- [whimpering]
[tense music]
- It's puny!
- [shrieks]
- This is the main body?!
It's so tiny!
Damn it! How the hell
am I supposed to shoot
something that moves around
like that?!
This demon is no bigger
than a field mouse!
But those other four
are crazy strong!
This whole time,
he's been controlling them?!
We have to fight off
four demons at once
while chasing this mouse!
What a pain!
Now I can see why
so many Demon Slayers
keep ending up dead!
Don't mess with me,
you annoying runt!
You're really
starting to piss me off!
- [wails]
- I can do this! I can win!
- [winces]
- [gasps]
I... can't slash it?
I can't slash it!
No way. No way!
Look at it!
His head is no bigger
than my finger!
[growls]
- [screams]
- [gasps]
- [whimpers]
[squeals]
- That didn't work?!
[staff jingles]
- [gasps]
Oh, crap. I was too slow!
I can't get out
of the way!
I'm gonna die.
I won't be able
to regenerate my neck.
Big Brother.
[sentimental music]
I wanted to become a Hashira
so that my big brother
would acknowledge me...
and so I could
apologize to him...
for what I said that day.
[wind blowing]
[sword slices]
[Genya] I can still remember
just how small
Mother was back then.
Even when I was younger,
I was somehow
already taller than she was.
From morning 'til night,
Mother was always
keeping herself busy working.
Come to think of it,
not once did I ever see her
take a break or even sleep.
On the other hand,
my father was a big guy
and a good-for-nothing.
He got stabbed to death
by someone
with a grudge against him.
Serves him right.
After all, the old man
was always beating up
on his own wife and kids.
Using that tiny body of hers,
Mother would put herself
between us and our father
all in order to try and
shield us from his beatings.
She was an amazing person.
[insects chirping]
- [soft snoring]
- Hey, Mom's late, isn't she?
- Hmm?
Genya, you're still awake?
- Yeah, but so are you.
- [sighs]
All right.
I'm going to look for Mom.
- Wait, I'll go too.
- No. I want you
to stay home.
I can do this by myself.
- Huh?
- [sighs]
We promised, remember?
- [gasps]
Yeah, of course.
- Right. I'll be back.
- [grunts]
[door slides]
- [laughter]
- Huh?
- Brother!
- Brother.
- [chuckles] What gives?
Why are all you guys awake too?
- [soft breathing]
- You promise
you think Mom's okay?
- She's fine, all right?
Big Bro just went
to look for her to make sure.
- Yeah, but...
- It's so late.
She's never been out
this long at night, has she?
The sun's
already about to come up.
- It's gonna be okay.
I bet you're tired.
Go back to bed. You'll see.
Mom and Big Brother
will be back by morning.
[wall clatters]
- [gasps] That must be her!
- Mom!
- [shudders]
Wait! Don't open it!
It might not be Mom
that's at the--
[gasps]
[ominous music]
[wails]
- [snarls]
- Is it a beast? A stray dog?
No, it's a wolf!
It's too dark to see!
It's fast!
- Genya, run away!
- Brother!
♪♪ ♪♪
[shudders]
[gasps]
No! Koto!
Shuya!
Hiroshi! Teiko! Sumi!
Put pressure on your wounds!
I'll go get the doctor!
Just hang on a little longer!
[footsteps crunching]
[panting]
I don't know what's going on.
What was that thing back there?
And where's Brother?
No, I have to get
the doctor first!
Brother...
[gasps]
Mother!
[sobbing]
Mother! Mother!
Why'd you do it?
Why'd you do it?!
What made you
want to kill our own mother?!
[sobbing]
Murderer!
You murderer!
I'm sorry I said
those awful things, Brother.
Forgive me.
It's all--
It's all just excuses, but...
I was in a panic.
Shuya, Hiroshi,
Koto, Teiko, and Sumi
were all lying there dead,
not answering me.
"It's over."
In that very moment,
I knew I would die next.
And that rabid wolf...
Or at least
what I thought was a wolf...
was our mother,
who'd turned into a demon.
You risked your life
fighting her to protect us
and carried her outside
towards daybreak.
That moment,
when you first realized
that it was Mom
who was attacking our family...
I can't imagine how that
made you feel, Brother.
Standing there
lifeless and shattered
after killing
our beloved mother
and having your brother that you
fought to protect denounce you,
I can't imagine
how that made you feel.
[shudders]
When we'd just promised
each other
that we'd do everything
we could to protect our family.
[birds calling]
- Genya?
- Huh?
- It's up to us now
to protect the family.
- Uh...
- Dad got himself killed,
after all.
And while things will be
easier without him around...
without a father, everyone might
start to feel hopeless.
- [sighs]
From now on,
it's up to you and me
to do our best to protect
our whole family.
Got that?
- [gasps]
[sighs]
But we always have,
haven't we?
Now's no different. Right, Bro?
[grunts]
- [chuckles]
[laughs]
- I'm sorry, Brother.
I'm going to die without
getting a chance to apologize.
Even with my life
flashing before my eyes,
that memory of you smiling
is at the front of my mind.
I'm not like you, Brother.
I don't have
any talents of my own.
I can't use
Breathing Techniques,
and I'll never become
a Hashira.
And if I never become one,
I'll never meet other Hashira.
I gave it my all,
but it wasn't enough.
- A scumbag like yourself
could never be
a brother of mine.
You're better off
quitting the Corps.
- You don't mean that.
I may have changed, but I'm
still your younger brother!
[Tanjiro] Genya!
You can't give up!
- [gasps]
- [gags]
- [winces]
- Try again!
- [gasps]
- Try slashing it again!
You gotta keep trying!
You can't give up!
- [gasps]
- I'll protect you!
Concentrate solely
on beheading it!
Aren't you gonna
become a Hashira?
Genya Shinazugawa!
- [gasps]
- Oh, no. Behind us!
- Weeping Spears.
- This is bad.
He hit me dead on.
[winces]
Huh?
[gasps]
- Go.
- [gasps]
Genya!
- [raspy breathing]
I can't behead it.
It has to be you...
who does it!
So just this one time,
I'm going...
- Genya.
- ...to let you have it!
[breathes heavily]
[growls]
[gunshot echoes]
- I'll do it. No matter what!
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasps]
- [whimpering]
- There it is!
It's tiny!
♪♪ ♪♪
You're not getting away!
[footstep scrapes]
- [gasps]
[whimpers]
- [yells]
["Koi Kogare" playing]
♪♪ ♪♪
[page rustles]
- Genya, you didn't
have anything to eat today.
Are you all right?
I hear that you
haven't actually eaten
since we met
at the Butterfly Mansion.
- You can't fight demons
on an empty stomach.
[girls] Yeah, that's right!
- I said I don't want anything!
- You're always acting
too buddy-buddy.
- 'Cause we're friends!
- What makes you think
we're friends?!
- We soaked in the hot springs
together!
- Look, that was only
because you barged in!
- And our final selection class!
That makes us friends, right?
- Uh...
Look here,
I told you to stop being so--
- Hold that thought!
- Next, Episode 7,
"Awful Villain."
Genya,
let's always be friends!
- We're not friends!